chore(php agent): Add note to relnotes for 10.7.0.319 (#11977)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/php-release-notes/php-agent-10-7-0-319.mdx

---
## New Relic PHP Agent v10.7.0.319

### Important note

If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:

> ```c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

> If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:
> ``` php
>     Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
>     Unknown PHP version: 8.2
> Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:
```c
    Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
    Unknown PHP version: 8.2
Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.
```

---
## New Relic PHP Agent v10.7.0.319

### Important note

> If the follow error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:

Author: ```suggestion
If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:
```

>     Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...

Reviewer: @mfulb What's the (...) supposed to indicate?

Reviewer: @mfulb Would it be appropriate to put it in code format then? Or just leave it as is?

Author: I would like those two lines to be in a preformatted "code" block so it looks like screen output you would see running the installation program.

Reviewer: I'll doublecheck how the preview works to make sure it's formatted for code. Just to confirm, should the syntax highlighting be in C?

Author: It is output on a terminal screen I don't think it needs any highlighting.  Just fixed spaced preformatted text.

>     Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
>     Unknown PHP version: 8.2

Author: ```suggestion
```
Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
Unknown PHP version: 8.2
```
```

Unknown PHP version: 8.2

> ```

Reviewer: @mfulb Is this okay?

Author: Sure - lets see how it looks on preview - thanks for working through this with me.

Author: It seems to have formatted those two lines like I want but didn't show the remaining text in that section.

Reviewer: Ah yes, accidentally deleted that line. It's back now.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.

```

> If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:
> 
>     Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
>     Unknown PHP version: 8.2
>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:
```php
    Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
    Unknown PHP version: 8.2
```
   
```

> please run the newrelic-install installation program and this will complete the installation of the PHP agent and setup the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.
```

---
## New Relic PHP Agent v10.7.0.319

### Important note

If the following error occurs when installing the newrelic-php5 Debian package:

```
Setting up newrelic-php5 (10.7.0.319) ...
Unknown PHP version: 8.2
```

> Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.
```

> Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Please run the newrelic-install installation program which will complete the installation of the PHP agent and set up the correct symlink to the PHP extension directory.
```
